# CS250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Making the exact product that someone wants can be difficult.  Small details can be lost in communication.  Creating user stories helps to collect information and place it in a list so the team knows what is most important.  Leaving little room for misinterpretation.  When it comes to creating the user stories I would create them with the user needs and wants in mind.  I would ask them to rank their wants 1-5 so it would reduce confusion.  Once I have completed the user stories list I would go over it again with the stakeholders before it was submitted to the team to begin the work.
How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When approaching developing a program I feel it is important communicate expected duties to the team.  Especially if taking a program over to agile.  Individuals day to day is going to change so I feel it will be key to sit down with the team and explain what will be expected.  A agile processes I hope to incorporate into my future work is breaking the project down into sprints.  I feel it makes the work seem less overwhelming if structured in the manner.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To be a good team member in software development you have to be a good communicator.  Also you must be willing to help out your fellow teammate if they need assistance.  Being that most teams are self-governing you must also be self-motivated.  So that you are not the reason for holding up the team progress.    
